Updated documentation pandas alignment when setting (#54240)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/user_guide/indexing.rst

      df.loc[:, ['B', 'A']] = df[['A', 'B']].to_numpy()
      df[['A', 'B']]

>    However, pandas does not aligns AXES when setting ``Series`` and ``DataFrame`` from ``.iloc``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   However, pandas does not align AXES when setting ``Series`` and ``DataFrame`` from ``.iloc``
   because ``.iloc`` operates by position.

```
